[CORE] Adds (Nerd Fonts) icons for entries (#144)
HorlogeSkynet/archey4: README.md

	// For example, "retro" would show the retro styled Apple logo on Darwin platforms.
	// Note that the `--logo-style` argument overrides this setting.
	"logo_style": "",

> 	// Enable icons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Enable icons for entries
```

> 	// A nerd font is required to activate the icons. Otherwise, these are simply missing and a placeholder can be seen. https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// A nerd font is required to activate the icons. Otherwise, these are simply missing and a placeholder can be seen.
	// You can also refer to : <https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts>.
```

> 	// Make sure that UTF-8 is supported on your system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	// Make sure that your system locale supports UTF-8.
```
